Add link to the Django blog post in the Django get started guide (#3695)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/friday/src/get-started/django/_index.md

description: Learn how to deploy your Django app on {{% vendor/name %}}
---

> To get started with Upsun and Django, read our [dedicated blog post](https://github.com/platformsh/platformsh-docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with Upsun and Django, read our [dedicated blog post](https://upsun.com/blog/setting-up-django-on-upsun/).
```
